# Reesaber_wireframe

So have you ever wanted to convert normal models into reesabers? So have I.

Simply download the `.exe` and run it. Note: though I do not know how easily a `.exe` can be read/interpreted but:
### **make sure you trust the author of the executable!**
Technically, even from just python, malicious actions can be taken. If you are not comfortable running a random executable, consider using the python script/file and read through it just to make sure.

Presenting an executable you can run to select an `.obj` file to convert into a wireframe made up of reesaber modules.
For now the functionality includes
1. Rotation along the x, y and z axes
2. Scaling the model and adding offsets
3. Changing the colour of the model including alpha/glow

Using it is as simple as filling in the fields of the window that opens but just to be sure I'll explain what each field is for.
- **Input file**: The path to the `.obj` file you want to convert into "a" reesaber.
- **Output file**: The path to the output file or where you want the `.json` to be put.  A note on the file picker: the file picker requires you to select a file to replace. If you dont want this you can simply open the file picker, copy the file path of a random preset in the `UserData/Reesabers/Presets/random_saber.json`, put that in the output file field and rename the json to the whatever you want.
- **Rotations**: These correspond to the location of each edge. This means that the rotation gets applied to the model as a whole along whatever axis you gave a value to with that value.
- **Scale**: Scale is simply the scale you can apply to a model. Sometimes (I can say from experience) a model's vertex coordinates (points to which the edges "point") are very large, meaning it is nice to be able to scale it down in its entirety.
- **Offsets**: Exactly the same as rotations except that the offsets you specify get applied directly to each modules' local tranform.

That should be about it. This is very much a barely functional™ python script that was converted using pyinstaller (which I just learnt about).
Three things to note: I am not good at math and most math operation functions were mostly generated by Claude Sonnet. The tkinter GUI was also quickly whipped up in the same way due to the demand.
Blur frames are enabled for every edge. This is because when testing, disabling blur frames for a model of about 15k edges somehow reduced the performance from 12 fps to 5 fps. If you do not want this, simply opening the `.json` in a text editor and replacing something like `blurFrames": 0.0` with `blurFrames": []` and using the desired value.
Lastly, depending on the rotation, offset and scale some edges may appear or disspear. Somewhere in the code I check to make sure there is no dividing by zero but if that does happen an edge may be skipped. So if you see different amount of modules being generated thats the reason.

# Credits

This uses an old version of [CodeSofts reesaber python](https://github.com/CodeSoftGit/reesaber-py/) modules. If I recall correctly it uses 0.1.0-alpha but I am not quite sure. The needed functions were taken from `reesaber.py` and put into a singular file for convenience.
